[8.x/Docs/Reporting] Update guidance for xpack.reporting.roles.enabled (#203703)
elastic/kibana: docs/setup/configuring-reporting.asciidoc

[float]
[[grant-user-access]]
=== Grant users access to reporting

> When security is enabled, the preferred method to grant users access to {report-features} is with <<kibana-privileges, {kib} application privileges>>, which allow you to create custom roles that control the spaces and applications where users generate reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When security is enabled, the preferred method to grant users access to {report-features} is with <<kibana-privileges, {kib} application privileges>>.  This will allow you to create custom roles that control the spaces and applications where users may generate reports.
```

> When security is enabled, the preferred method to grant users access to {report-features} is with <<kibana-privileges, {kib} application privileges>>.  This will allow you to create custom roles that control the spaces and applications where users may generate reports.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When security is enabled, the preferred method to grant users access to {report-features} is with <<kibana-privileges, {kib} application privileges>>. This will allow you to create custom roles that control the spaces and applications where users may generate reports.
```

. We recommend you explicitly opt-out of the default access control model, which will enable application privileges in Reporting. To do this, change a setting that controls the Reporting access control model in `kibana.yml`:
+
[source,yaml]
------------------------------------
xpack.reporting.roles.enabled: false
------------------------------------
+
NOTE: In Kibana 8.x versions, the default `xpack.reporting.roles.enabled: true` setting uses an older access control model separate from {kib} application
privileges. The default model grants users with the built-in `reporting_user` role access to create any type of report in Kibana. Since the default model
is not based on {kib} application privileges, users that do not have permission to create reports will see {report-features} in Kibana, but will receive an

> error if they attempt to request a report. The default model also does not allow API keys or authentication tokens to authorize report generation. Refer to

Reviewer 2: Interesting, I did not realise requesting reports would error under this model.

So the current default `xpack.reporting.roles.enabled: true` does not allow users to use reporting functionality at all if I'm following correctly?

Author: @jloleysens 

> So the current default `xpack.reporting.roles.enabled: true` does not allow users to use reporting functionality at all if I'm following correctly?

I hope this is actually clear in the docs - the default setting doesn't allow users to use the reporting functionality IF they do not have the `reporting_user` role.

Reviewer 2: OK, that was my misunderstanding, I think it is clear enough!
